10/17/20
v0.2 ANNOUNCEMENT: A CHALLENGER APPEARS

Added bot behavior on the COMPUTER object.

Now when the user clicks the "Start Game" button, the "main()" function calls "GAME.COMPUTER.slam()",
a recursive function that calls itself on a setTimeout interval.

I've also included many other major overhauls, including the amount of comments in the code.

Please feel free to poke around in this release and let me know what you think!

This is the most substantial update yet. There are many, many new features in this release including:
  - Added bot behavior on the COMPUTER object
  - Added the ability to boost Claws and to track whether or not each randomly generated Claw is boosted
  - Added additional debugging features and messageBox support
  - Added significant commenting throughout the program (mostly for myself, it's getting confusing)
  - Added the ability for the COMPUTER to get drunk
  - Added the ability for both players to sober up
  - Added new key/value pairs to objects throughout
  - Added new methods to objects throughout
  - Added a "CHANGE LOG" to functions I changed substantially and that need more work on more in the future
  - Tested new gameplay mechanics
  - Commented out some interesting debugging and gameplay features still in development
  - Forgot a few things here most likely
  
Please message me if you hve any suggestions or feedback for this project!


10/15/20
v0.1 ANNOUNCEMENT: OFFICIAL RELEASE

IT'S HERE!!

A fully stable build is finally here!

No known bugs, no weird stuff going on, just a bunch of basic code that works.

This represents my working knowledge of vanilla JavaScript as of October, 2020.

I hope you enjoy the update!



OCTOBER 2020 UPDATE:

I completely rewrote the game several times, and finally I think I've found a version that's clean, concise, and scalable.

All files from outdated versions have been deleted.

Why are they there? Because I don't know how to use GitHub very well and I don't know how to delete stuff.

I'm too sleepy to learn right now. It's 11:06 pm in California as I write this update.

Check out the new version. It's simple, but it shows what I know how to do at this point in my coding journey. 

Been studying since March and I'm pretty proud of the progress I've made. This version is the cleanest yet.



ORIGINAL README:

The code is commented out because I wrote a lot of it not knowing what the hell I was doing.

Someday I'll write a comprehensive readme, but I need to work on the base code a lot more. 

Sorry for not having a better readme. If you're disappointed, follow me here on GitHub to let me know how mad you are.

It's just a proof of concept right now. But it's cool and I like it!

Run the files in the same folder and play around with the buttons. 

It's all default style for now.

